Welcome to the F123Light Operating System!

Use up and down arrows to move through this document.

Since this is the first time you start your system, the following questions will allow you to easily configure things such as wireless access. For any questions which you do not know the answer for or would prefer to answer at another time, simply press the "Escape" key, also known as the "ESC" key. The "Escape" key is usually found at the top left corner of your keyboard.

The screen reading software which is now reading this text for you is called Fenrir. Many of the commands you can use to control Fenrir start with a special key, which we can call the Fenrir key. On F123Light, the Fenrir key is the "Insert" key on your numeric keypad, which is the group of keys tipically found on the right of most full-size desktop keyboards.

For example, you can use "Fenrir+Up", in other words, press and hold the Insert key and then press the up arrow, if you want to increase volume. "Fenrir+Down" will decrease volume.

You can also use "Fenrir+Left" and "Fenrir+Right" to reduce and increase the speed at which Fenrir reads the screen to you.

To read by line, you can use the 7, 8, and 9 keys on your numeric keypad. Number 7 will read the previous line, 8 the current line, and 9 the next line.

You may explore these and other commands without causing any changes to the computer by entering Fenrir's learn mode by pressing "Fenrir+H". After entering this command, you can press any key combination you desire and the computer will describe its purpose. Once you press the "Escape" key, the screen will be active again and any key combination you press will actually work.

For security reasons, we recommend that you start by changing the default passwords to something that is actually secret.

Start by changing the password you used to login. This password is also used for administration tasks such as configuring your wireless network.

To close this document and continue with the setup process, press the letter q.
